***ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS BELOW***

What is a programming language?
Answer: Programming language is what's being used to instruct a computer to perform a specific task.
        This language uses specific keywords in order for the machine to understand what task to do.

What is a JDK composed of? Define each component?
Answer: JDK is composed of so many components but the main ones are the Java Runtime Environment, a compiler,
        a documentation generator, an archiver, and an interpreter. The Java Runtime Environment is where is
        the JVM is based. The interpreter that's being used in the JDK is Java which is basically the language
        in which the computer will understand what task to do or run. The compiler used is the javac, the archiver
        used is jar, and the documentation generator used is javadoc. So let me break it down a little more. Java is
        a loader that's used for some programs or apps. Javac is a compiler in which it converts source code to Java
        bytecode. Javadoc helps to generate documents from source code and this is done automatically.

What is an IDE?
Answer: An IDE is an integrated development environment. It can write code, debug codes, and compile codes. One example
        of an IDE that we are using in class would be IntelliJ. There is also Eclipse and others as well.

What are some of the most popular Java IDEs available in the market?
Answer: Some of the most popular Java IDEs available on the market are IntelliJ which is very user-friendly, eclipse, and Netbeans.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
Answer: The java life cycle is basically what happens from the beginning of when we start writing the code to when
        its actually executed. First off, it starts with typing the source code, then we convert that to the Java
        compiler. Once we have compiled the code, then it goes into the Java Virtual machine in which the machine is able
        to read the code.

What is a class?
Answer: A class is basically a blueprint. It also consists of states and behaviors.

What is an object?
Answer: An object is simply an instance of a class.

What is the entry point of an application?
Answer: The entry point of an application would be the main method.

Why is the main() static?
Answer: Main() is static so that it doesn't create an instance of the class. Static methods can be called without
       creating any object of that class.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Answer: The object class is the superclass of all classes.

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
Answer: Path looks for executable files where classpath loads and locates .class files.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Answer:An abstract class allows you to create functionality that we are able to implement and override. Interface
       on the other hand, we can only define functionality and we are not able to implement it.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class? If yes or no, how would you do it?
Answer: We can't make an object from the interface or abstract class since they are not fully a class. What we can do is
        implement a subclass.

What is Access Modifier?
Answer: Access modifiers help restrict the scope of a class, variable, constructor, and method.

What is OOP? Define each OOP concept.
Answer: OOP is object-oriented programming. The different OOP concepts would be encapsulation, polymorphism, abstraction,
        and inheritance. Encapsulation is when we want to hide some information. We can hide the variables of a class from
        other classes. With polymorphism, we can basically use a specific keyword or word and use it in different
        forms depending on how we follow it. Abstraction is basically focusing on the important information we need to
        focus on. Inheritance is when we create a parent-child relationship between 2 classes.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
Answer: Java package is a collection of classes and interfaces. The package that is imported by default is java.lang package.

What is an API? List some API's that you have used so far.
Answer: API is the application programming interface. It is the interaction with a software component. What this API does
        is it tells the software what it can do and how it can be done. I've used APIs such as text-to-speech.

Does java support multiple inheritance? Why or why not?
Answer: Java does not support multiple inheritance because Java will be confused because when you have 2 classes A
        and B with the same name Method. If you call the same method from class C, Java doesn’t know from which class.


What is method overloading and when does it happen?
Answer: Method overloading is when two or more methods in one class have the same method name but different parameters.
        Method overloading occurs during compile-time.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle them.
Answer: Exceptions in java happen when you are trying to execute a program but something disrupts its normal flow of instruction.
       We can handle exceptions by using try-catch block. This can use the exception that was given to us along with
       the code that we want to run and put into catch blocks.

What is static keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: When we use the static keyword, it means that we can accessed before any objects are created in its class.

What is final keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: Final keyword is a keywords that's used to declare an entity. Also, this means that the specific value can't
        be changed in the future hence the word final. We can use final in a method to prevent method overloading.

Explain the difference between final, finally and finalize?
Answer: Final is used as an access modifier, finally is used to create a block of code that's used with a try block, and
        finalize is used as like a cleanup before we get rid of it.

What is a constructor?
Answer: a constructor is used when an instance of an object is created. Every class has a constructor. The constructor looks similar to a method but can be differentiated by the lower
        case letters.

Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
Answer: Yes we can have multiple constructors in a class.

If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
Answer: If we don't have a constructor declared, a default constructor is created with an empty argument.

What is "this" keyword in Java? When would we use it?
Answer: "This" keyword in Java is used for the current object in a method or constructor. We use when we don't want the
        system to get confused on the class and the parameters that have the same name.

What is "super" keyword in Java? What are some scenarios we would use it?
Answer: "Super" is used to access methods of the parent class. Super also acts as a constructor of the parent and child
        class connector.

What does JVM stand for?
Answer: JVM stands for the Java Virtual Machine. This is used to process the byte code into the machine language.

Is JVM platform independent?
Answer: No JVM platform is not independent.

What version of Java are you using?
Answer:

What does JAR stand for?
Answer: JAR stands for the Java archive.

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
Answer: JDK is the Java Development Kit. Basically its used to help code and run Java environments. JRE on the other
        hand is the Java Runtime Environment. With JRE, its a software that's used to help run other software.
        Example, we need to make sure to have JRE to run Java.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
Answer: JVM is the Java Virtual Machine with basically process the byte code into machine language. The JRE is the Java
        Runtime environment which is a software used to help run other software. JRE is actually the environment where
        the JVM runs.

Explain the difference between compile-time and run-time?
Answer: A compile-time error happens when you try and compile the code. Run-time error happens while you are running a
        code. If there is a syntax its usually under compile time error.

What is heap?
Answer: Heap is the memory stored in Java. Heap is data stored in random order. Also, it's used by Java runtime.

How does Java manage its memory?
Answer: Java manages its memory by using a garbage collector.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
Answer: The object of the string class is immutable. The object of the StringBuffer class is mutable and the object of the
        StringBuilder class is growable.

What is Singleton class?
Answer:  Singleton class in Java allows only one instance to be created and provides global access to all other classes
         through this single object or instance.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Answer: Serialization is when the state of an object is converted to a byte stream and deserialization is when the
        byte stream is used to create the object so basically like the reverse process.

Explain the difference between While and Do While loops?
Answer: While loops conditions are evaluated first then get executed if true(inside the loop). Do while loops get
        executed first, and then they evaluate the conditions. Its basically vise versa each other.

What is Enum?
Answer: An enum is basically a set of values that can be used to create sets of constants.

What is Iterator?
Answer: An iterator is an object that can be used to loop through collections or like a specific list.

Which one will take more memory: an int or Integer? Why?
Answer: An integer will take up more memory because an integer can store 16 bytes and an int can store 4 bytes.

Why are Strings considered to be immutable in Java?
Answer: Strings are considered to be immutable in Java because once they are final, it does not allow others to extend it.
        The String objects are cached in the String pool, and it makes the String immutable.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
Answer: Constructor chaining in Java is when you call one constructor from another constructor.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
Answer: The difference between serial garbage collector and serial garbage collector is that serial garbage collector
        uses one thread for garbage collection process while the parallel garbage  collector uses multiple threads for
         the garbage collection.

What does JIT stands for?
Answer: JIT stands for just-in-time compiler. It compiles bytecode into machine code in run time.

Explain the process of Java garbage collection?
Answer: In Java garbage collection, Java is doing memory management. Basically what this does is that it compiles to
        bytecode. The garbage collection basically finds objects that are unused and then automatically deletes them so
        that we have more memory available. Its basically like a self clean for Java.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
Answer: Garbage collection process happens automatically to free up space but we can't guarantee that the program won't
        run out of memory.

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Answer: Objects that are created are stored in the heap and then the references to those created objects that were created
        are stored in the stack.

What is reflection in Java and why is it useful?
Answer: Reflection in Java is used to inspect all the different attributes such as the class, interface, and methods.
        This is useful because reflection gives us information about the class to which an object belongs and also the
        methods of that class which can be executed by using the object.

What is multithreading in Java?
Answer: Multithreading in Java is when Java creates and executes two or more threads.

What is synchronization in Java?
Answer: Synchronization is a process of handling resource accessibility by multiple thread requests.

What is a Framework?
Answer: Framework is when the designers and developers build features for their projects instead of re coding.

What are the testing Frameworks available in Java?
Answer: Some of the testing frameworks that are available in Java are Selenium, jUnit, Cucumber, testNG and more.

What are jUnit and testNG?
Answer: jUnit is a type of framework that is used to write tests. testNG is a framework that runs tests.

What are the dependencies for this project?
Answer:

What is dependency injection in Java?
Answer: Dependency Injection is a technique that makes a class independent of its dependencies.

Explain what static binding and dynamic binding is?
Answer: Static binding is when all information needed to call a function is available at the compile-time. Dynamic
        binding is when the compiler cannot determine all information needed for a function call at compile-time.